README.md, before:

# Goris SQE Trainings  :octocat:

##  :point_right: Training Members  :point_left:
- [X] Anush Mkrtchyan
- [X] Arman Amaryan
- [X] Arpine Dinunts
- [X] Arsen Dadunts
- [X] Arsen Simonyan
- [X] David Abelyan
- [X] Garnik Baghdasaryan
- [X] Harut Aghajanyan
- [X] Hayk Yeritsyan
- [X] Levon Arshakyan
- [X] Levon Bakunts
- [X] Lilith Movsisyan
- [X] Mher Tigranyan
- [X] Seryan Arustamyan
- [X] Smbat Hayryan
- [X] Suren Mkrtchyan
- [X] Vagharshak Ghazaryan
- [X] Karlen Ohanyan

### Some basic Git commands are:
```
git clone /path/to/repository - Create a working copy of a local repository
git config --global user.name "Sam Smith"
git config --global user.email sam@example.com - Configure the author name and email address to be used with your commits.
git add <filename> - Add files to staging 
git status - List the files you've changed and those you still need to add or commit
git commit - Commit changes to head (but not yet to the remote repository)
git push origin master - Send changes to the master branch of your remote repository
git pull - Fetch and merge changes on the remote server to your working directory
```

# Useful links
- JAVA intorduction (JDK,JVM,JRE) - `https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/java/tutorials/j-introtojava1/index.html`
- Linux Basic commands - `https://maker.pro/linux/tutorial/basic-linux-commands-for-beginners`,`https://www.guru99.com/must-know-linux-commands.html`
- Vim (Basic commands/modes) - `https://guide.freecodecamp.org/vim/modes/`, `https://coderwall.com/p/adv71w/basic-vim-commands-for-getting-started`
- JAVA primitive data types - `https://www.guru99.com/java-variables.html`



## What is OOP
[![What is OOP!](https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-uLChi3EKOjQ/V1CAj_GmBOI/AAAAAAAAEx0/egN5W_8lOLwpUXQYR2QLsE6zTZA_E8XNgCK4B/s1600/14.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SS-9y0H3Si8)



## Why Do Computers Use 1s and 0s
[![Why Do Computers Use 1s and 0!](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR-QIPvvEd1hyzIic7MY2WqQF1fMeUKuUoJ37k-HVX70UiQQ5QDHw)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6cSiP93nos)

Commit message:

Added homeworks into README.md file

README.md, after:

# Goris SQE Trainings  :octocat:

##  :point_right: Training Members  :point_left:
- [X] Anush Mkrtchyan
- [X] Arman Amaryan
- [X] Arpine Dinunts
- [X] Arsen Dadunts
- [X] Arsen Simonyan
- [X] David Abelyan
- [X] Garnik Baghdasaryan
- [X] Harut Aghajanyan
- [X] Hayk Yeritsyan
- [X] Levon Arshakyan
- [X] Levon Bakunts
- [X] Lilith Movsisyan
- [X] Mher Tigranyan
- [X] Seryan Arustamyan
- [X] Smbat Hayryan
- [X] Suren Mkrtchyan
- [X] Vagharshak Ghazaryan
- [X] Karlen Ohanyan

# Homeworks
  ### Primitive data types
- [ ] Write a Java program that converts inches to meters.
- [ ] Given the `n` number. Write a Java program that prints the square of a number `n` if `n` is odd , otherwise print 0. Please do not use `conditional statements`.

### Some basic Git commands are:
```
git clone /path/to/repository - Create a working copy of a local repository
git config --global user.name "Sam Smith"
git config --global user.email sam@example.com - Configure the author name and email address to be used with your commits.
git add <filename> - Add files to staging 
git status - List the files you've changed and those you still need to add or commit
git commit - Commit changes to head (but not yet to the remote repository)
git push origin master - Send changes to the master branch of your remote repository
git pull - Fetch and merge changes on the remote server to your working directory
```

# Useful links
- JAVA intorduction (JDK,JVM,JRE) - `https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/java/tutorials/j-introtojava1/index.html`
- Linux Basic commands - `https://maker.pro/linux/tutorial/basic-linux-commands-for-beginners`,`https://www.guru99.com/must-know-linux-commands.html`
- Vim (Basic commands/modes) - `https://guide.freecodecamp.org/vim/modes/`, `https://coderwall.com/p/adv71w/basic-vim-commands-for-getting-started`
- JAVA primitive data types - `https://www.guru99.com/java-variables.html`



## What is OOP
[![What is OOP!](https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-uLChi3EKOjQ/V1CAj_GmBOI/AAAAAAAAEx0/egN5W_8lOLwpUXQYR2QLsE6zTZA_E8XNgCK4B/s1600/14.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SS-9y0H3Si8)



## Why Do Computers Use 1s and 0s
[![Why Do Computers Use 1s and 0!](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR-QIPvvEd1hyzIic7MY2WqQF1fMeUKuUoJ37k-HVX70UiQQ5QDHw)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6cSiP93nos)
